Update old links (#27)
indico/indico-user-docs: docs/cern/cern_access.md

If you plan to have non-CERN participants at your event, you will have to provide them with **valid access badges**,
in line with the Organization's [badge-wearing policy](https://home.cern/news/official-news/cern/visible-wearing-badge-instructions-0).

> You can learn more about the rules regarding visitor cards [here](https://admin-eguide.web.cern.ch/en/procedure/visitors-cards-access-cern-visitors-and-conference-participants).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more about the rules regarding visitor cards [in the admin e-guide](https://admin-eguide.web.cern.ch/en/procedure/visitors-cards-access-cern-visitors-and-conference-participants).
```

IMHO this is a bit nicer
